zkTube Founding Team 


(Charlene Fan) - Chief Executive Officer 

The concept of the zkTube protocol prototype originated as early as 2018. 

Lance and Charlene participated in the Ethereum Scalability and new ideas Exploration of Proof of Stake mining. 

This is where zkTube’s zkRollups concept was born. 

Charlene has almost a decade of experience as an Investment Advisor specialising in DEFI investments. 

Further to being the founder of zkTube, 

is an Angel Investor who is constantly looking for start-ups and growing businesses to invest in. 

Charlene completed a Master of Professional Accounting from Swinburne University of Technology. 

She also completed Certificates in Blockchain from ConsenSys Academic and Cryptography from Stanford University. 



(Lance Zhang) -  Chief Technology Officer

Lance is focused on contributing to the technical solution for zkTube’ zero-knowledge proof adoption. 

Lance has years of project management experience in AI intelligence and is actively involved in the blockchain technology space. 

Working with Charlene, the concept of the zkTube protocol prototype originated as early as 2018. 

Lance and Charlene participated in the Ethereum Scalability and new ideas Exploration of Proof of Stake mining. 

Lance is long admired the big idea of Ethereum as the "world computer" and zkTube’s zkRollups are part of this grand vision. 

He is also an IEEE team member and achieved Computer Science degree from University of New Hampshire.



(Howard Huo) – Chief Operating Officer

Howard has over 15 years of program management and team management. 

Experiences in building up and operation of new organizations and teams for numerous multinationals. 

He has successfully co-founded a technology start-up which focused on virtual reality equipment. 

Howard accomplished a Master of Engineering from Chinese Academy of Science, 

and a Bachelor of Engineering from University of Science and Technology of China. 



(William Wu) – Chief Marketing Officer

William’s career has focused on leading marketing campaigns for start-ups in the technology sector. 

His detailed knowledge led him to publishing a book on marketing using innovative technology in his native Chinese. 

William also has three years of experience in blockchain in both Canada and China. 

He co-hosted conferences included Canada-China Blockchain Summit, and Toronto Blockchain Industry Forum. 

William holds a Bachelor of Arts from Western University in London, Ontario.


